egistering your app with APNs
Communicate with Apple Push Notification service (APNs) and receive a unique device token that identifies your app.
Overview
Apple Push Notification service (APNs) must know the address of a user’s device before it can send notifications to that device. This address takes the form of a device token unique to both the device and your app. At launch time, your app communicates with APNs and receives its device token, which you then forward to your provider server. Your server includes that token with any notifications it sends.

Note

You can’t use the same device token for more than one app, even when the apps are on the same device. Every app must request their own unique device token and forward it to your provider server.

Enable the push notifications capability
To add the required entitlements to your app, enable the Push Notifications capability in your Xcode project, as shown in . Enabling this option in iOS adds the APS Environment Entitlement to the app. In macOS, it adds the APS Environment (macOS) Entitlement. See Enable push notifications in Xcode help for more information.

Add entitlements to your Xcode project by enabling the push notification capability in the Capabilities tab.

Important

In your developer account, enable the push notification service for the App ID assigned to your project. For more information about configuring your developer account, go to your Developer Account page.

Register your app and retrieve your app’s device token
Register your app with APNs and receive a globally unique device token, which is effectively the address of your app on the current device. Your provider server must have this token before it can deliver notifications to the device.

You register your app and receive your device token each time your app launches using Apple-provided APIs. The registration process is similar across platforms:

In iOS and tvOS, call the registerForRemoteNotifications() method of UIApplication to request the device token. Upon successful registration, you receive the token in your app delegate’s application(_:didRegisterForRemoteNotificationsWithDeviceToken:) method.